feat(pie-input): DSW-1648 integrate assistive text component into input (#1288)
justeattakeaway/pie: packages/components/pie-input/README.md

| `readonly` | `boolean` | - | When true, the user cannot edit the control. Not the same as disabled. See [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/readonly) for more information. |
| `type` | `'text'`, `'number'`, `'password'`, `'url'`, `'email'`, `'tel'` | `text` | The type of HTML input to render. |
| `value` | `string` | `''` | The value of the input (used as a key/value pair in HTML forms with `name`). |

> | `assistiveText` | `string` | `''` | Allow the user to sets assistive text to display below the input element. |

Reviewer: For other props when we refer to the user we mean the customer (who won't be setting the assistive text), so it's probably better to be a little more vague
```suggestion
| `assistiveText` | `string` | `''` | Allows assistive text to be displayed below the input element. |
```
